Q. What is Minimum Spanning Tree?
Ans.    Given a connected and undirected graph, a spanning tree of that graph is a subgraph that is a
    tree and connects all the vertices together. A single graph can have many different spanning
    trees. A minimum spanning tree (MST) or minimum weight spanning tree for a weighted, connected
    and undirected graph is a spanning tree with weight less than or equal to the weight of every
    other spanning tree. The weight of a spanning tree is the sum of weights given to each edge of
    the spanning tree.
    How many edges does a minimum spanning tree has?
    A minimum spanning tree has (V – 1) edges where V is the number of vertices in the given graph.
Q. What are the applications of Minimum Spanning Tree?
    MST is fundamental problem with diverse applications.
    Network design.
        – telephone, electrical, hydraulic, TV cable, computer, road
    The standard application is to a problem like phone network design. You have a business with several
    offices; you want to lease phone lines to connect them up with each other; and the phone company
    charges different amounts of money to connect different pairs of cities. You want a set of lines
    that connects all your offices with a minimum total cost. It should be a spanning tree, since if
    a network isn’t a tree you can always remove some edges and save money.
    Approximation algorithms for NP-hard problems.
        – traveling salesperson problem, Steiner tree
    A less obvious application is that the minimum spanning tree can be used to approximately solve the
    traveling salesman problem. A convenient formal way of defining this problem is to find the shortest
    path that visits each point at least once.
    Note that if you have a path visiting all points exactly once, it’s a special kind of tree. For instance
    in the example above, twelve of sixteen spanning trees are actually paths. If you have a path visiting
    some vertices more than once, you can always drop some edges to get a tree. So in general the MST weight
    is less than the TSP weight, because it’s a minimization over a strictly larger set.
    On the other hand, if you draw a path tracing around the minimum spanning tree, you trace each edge twice
    and visit all points, so the TSP weight is less than twice the MST weight. Therefore this tour is within
    a factor of two of optimal.

    Indirect applications.
    – max bottleneck paths
    – LDPC codes for error correction
    – image registration with Renyi entropy
    – learning salient features for real-time face verification
    – reducing data storage in sequencing amino acids in a protein
    – model locality of particle interactions in turbulent fluid flows
    – autoconfig protocol for Ethernet bridging to avoid cycles in a network

    Cluster analysis
    k clustering problem can be viewed as finding an MST and deleting the k-1 most
    expensive edges.
